Lab Report
Tracy Haupt, Sterling Huber, Emily Ruppel, Samantha Steffanous
Lab09
October 29, 2015

Lab09 was our first collaboration as a group in order to create a lightweight dataflow 
programming integrated in C for a histogram. By being given a control flow graph, we were 
expected to utilize a provided example to understand how the structure of the graph is created 
and how actors are implemented. Each actor produces and consumes a predefined amount of 
data that exist in FIFOs known as edges. 

The application being developed in Lab09 is histogram based for image processing. 
After a copious amount of discussion, we ironed out the organization of the project. In order to 
process a small tile and match it’s histogram to the larger image, we split the process into 
separate portions. In these portions, we determined which actors fire, when they are enabled, 
when they are invoked and how to create the actors as objects. Beyond this stage, our actors 
must be linked together by a series of FIFOs. After the structure and each node is in operating 
condition, we wrote tests in order to insure each stage is working correctly. 

Our approach to this lab has been to distribute work while sustaining understanding of 
the entire project. One person was dedicated to testing our code. Originally, we split the 
remainder to dealing with source actors, objtr_hist_gen and the objtr_hist_dist_map portions. 
While this remained true in nature, there was a lot of crossover between each element. 
Additionally, the source actors ended up processing files sufficiently such that we did not need 
to edit the file. However, there was quite a bit of discussion about what needed to be altered 
and where certain attributes are set. 

Some of the difficulties of this lab were based upon the fact that we had no central 
repository which would aid in collaboration. Our solution for the time being was to share files via 
GoogleDocs in order to make sure all of our code is being communicated to each other. The
largest issue in this process is that we are not working from the same version of the code and 
each portion was split. Once a repository is created, our version control and collaboration will be 
more efficient.
